New test utility to mock HTTP requests/responses (#137)
EasyPost/easypost-go: README.md

package main

import (

> 	"encoding/json"

Reviewer: Your IDE is adding 8 spaces instead of 4 for tabs, please correct this.

### Testing

> The test suite in this project was specifically built to produce consistent results on every run, regardless of when

Reviewer: I'd argue that the auto formatting of a line length for markdown makes things less readable since these are just paragraphs, splitting them up oddly like this adds much more lines and because we don't enforce any markdown formatting tools it won't be consistent. I'd suggest we leave this as it was since all of our READMEs are this way

- `USPS_CARRIER_ACCOUNT_ID` (eg: one-call buying a shipment for non-EasyPost employees)
- `PARTNER_USER_PROD_API_KEY` (eg: creating a referral user)
- `REFERRAL_USER_PROD_API_KEY` (eg: adding a credit card to a referral user)

#### Mocking

> Some ouf our unit tests requiring HTTP calls that cannot be easily tested with live/recorded calls (e.g. HTTP calls that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some of our unit tests require HTTP calls that cannot be easily tested with live/recorded calls (e.g. HTTP calls that
```

trigger payments or interact with external APIs).

We have implemented a custom, lightweight HTTP mocking functionality in this library that allows us to mock HTTP calls
and responses.

The mock client is the same as a normal client, with a set of mock request-response pairs stored as a property.

At the time to make a real HTTP request, the mock client will instead check which mock request entry matches the queued
request (matching by HTTP method and a regex pattern for the URL), and will return the corresponding mock response (HTTP
status code and body).

**NOTE**: If a client is configured with any mock request entries, it will ONLY make mock requests. If it attempts to
make a request that does not match any of the configured mock requests, the request will fail and trigger an exception.

To use the mock client:

```go
import "github.com/EasyPost/easypost-go/v2"

// create  a list of mock request-response pairs
mockRequests := []easypost.MockRequest{

> 	{

Reviewer: Huh, something in this block still looks like the indentation is off? Can you confirm? Maybe it's only this opening line?

Author: Had to tab/space manually, because my IDE hates go in READMEs, I guess.
<img width="509" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17054780/205720182-df1486da-3154-43f9-b561-4eefccf7bd63.png">
